---
layout: ../layouts/PageLayout.astro
title: "Members"
---

### Arav Pyati, Captain & Head Builder

<img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1022618682804940911/1077350310009389257/image.png" alt="Arav Pyati" width="200" height="200">

> Hakuna Matata

Gyan is a senior at South Brunswick High School. He is the Captain and Head
Builder of 750W. He enjoys playing video games, cooking new meals at home, and
coding in his free time. He enjoys spending time with the rest of his team.

### Ajay Avasi, Vice Captain & Builder

<img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1022618682804940911/1077352257563148288/image.png" alt="Ajay Avasi" width="200" height="200">

> Your emotions do not matter.

Ishaan is a junior at South Brunswick High School. On 750W, Ishaan is the
Vice-Captain and a builder. In his free time, Ishaan enjoys playing chess, and
taking part in clubs such as Science Olympiad and Mathletes.

### Aishi Chell, Vice Captian & Builder

<img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1022618682804940911/1077349765714542652/image.png" alt="Aishi Chell" width="200" height="200">

Samyutha is a senior at South Brunswick High School and the President of SB
Robotics Club. She is also the head programmer of 750 Wolves. Some of Samyuthaâ€™s
hobbies include playing the Veena, driving, and doodling on orchestra sheet
music.

### Adish Rout, Builder & Workshop Lead

<img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1022618682804940911/1077349864893067405/image.png" alt="Adish Rout" width="200" height="200">

> Seek Discomfort

Ved is a senior at South Brunswick High School and is a programmer on 750W. He
enjoys playing video games, reading (and listening) to books, and programming in
his free time.

### Prisha Inamdar, VLA Representative & Builder

<img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1022618682804940911/1077350016001249400/image.png" alt="Rahi Thaker" width="200" height="200">

> Robotics is the best

Anirudh is a junior at South Brunswick High School and is a programmer on 750W.
In his free time, Anirudh likes to play video games and read.

### Rahi Thaker, Builder

<img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1022618682804940911/1077350371984429107/image.png" alt="Prisha Inamdar" width="200" height="200">

Raghav is a junior at South Brunswick High School and is a builder on 750W. In
his free time, Raghav likes to learn advanced math.

### Sahas Maduri, Lead Programmer

<img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1022618682804940911/1077350236479041626/image.png" alt="Sahas Maduri" width="200" height="200">

Rahi is a sophomore and a builder on 750W. Outside of robotics, Rahi enjoys
playing badminton and tennis. Her hobbies also include art, socializing, playing
the violin, and helping out at the hospital.

### Aiden Cheng, Builder

<img src="" alt="Aiden Cheng" width="200" height="200">

> If theres a will, there's a way

Arav is a sophomore and a builder on 750W. Other than robotics, Arav swims for
his school team and is on the Science Olympiad team. His interests include
keyboards and Rubikâ€™s Cubes.

### Samuel Asefa, CAD Lead & Programmer

<img src="" alt="Samuel Asefa" width="200" height="200">

Prisha is a sophomore at South Brunswick High School and is a builder on 750W.
Outside of school, Prisha likes to sing Hindustani Classical music, dance, and
play field hockey.

### Daksh Gupta, Programmer

<img src="" alt="Daksh Gupta" width="200" height="200">

Adish is a sophomore at South Brunswick High School and is a builder on 750W. In
his free time, Adish likes to reading non-fiction and watch netflix.

### Samyuktha Raja, Builder & Noteboom Lead

<img src="" alt="Samyuktha Raja" width="200" height="200">

Sahas is a Freshman at South Brunswick High School and is a recruit on 750W. In
his free time, Sahas likes to play basketball and volleyball, and likes to play
video games or hang out with his friends.

### Ram Viswanathan, Team Mascot & Builder ðŸ˜Š

<img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1022618682804940911/1077350598422315108/image.png" alt="Ram Viswanathan" width="200" height="200">

Ajay is a Freshman at SBHS and is a recruit on 750W. In his free time, Ajay
likes to play tennis and practice his instrument.

### Piya Sadana, Recruit & Builder

<img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1022618682804940911/1077350705100230787/image.png" alt="Piya Sadana" width="200" height="200">

Aishi is a freshman in South Brunswick High School and is a recruit on 750W. In
her free time, Aishi likes to dance, sing and run outside.
